# Living Reviews Article: [Complexity Heliophysics: A lived and living history of systems and complexity science in Heliophysics]

A repository with software and data artifacts to accompany the Living Reviews article: "Complexity Heliophysics: A lived and living history of systems and complexity science in Heliophysics"

## Overview

The 21st century will be marked by complexity, according to Stephen Hawking, and this is especially true for the field of Heliophysics. Heliophysics has traditionally been characterized by categorizing and separating domains, but with the advent of new sensing capabilities, data analysis, and computational tools, there is a growing need for a paradigm shift towards Complexity Heliophysics. Complexity science is the study of phenomena that emerge from a collection of interacting objects and requires a plurality of frameworks that move between levels. This lived and living review detailed the network of complexity studies in Heliophysics and provided a definition of the Complexity Heliophysics paradigm. 


## Software Artifacts

The software used in the publication to generate the corpus using the [NASA Astrophysics Data System](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/) can be found [here](https://github.com/rmcgranaghan/Helio-KNOW/tree/main/utils).

## Data Artifacts

The data artifacts included in this repository are designed to support the reproducibility and evaluation of the results described in the publication. These artifacts are organized into the following directories:

    data/: This directory contains the input data needed.
    results/: This directory contains the output data generated by the experiments.

The data include: A glossary of terms (the bedrock of information search, integration, and automated analyses) that define Complexity Heliophysics 

The results include: A new corpus of Complexity Heliophysics compiled using NLP and the new glossary. 

## Biblist
The bibcodes (the unique identifier assigned to journals in the ADS system) that were identified for constructing the automated corpus are listed below. 
```
['SpWea', 'GeoRL', 'JGR', 'JGRA', 'JGRE', 'LRSP', 'STP', 'P&SS','Ap&SS', 'SoPh','RvGSP','SSRv','AcAau','AcA','SLSci','SpReT','AdAnS','AdA&A','AASP','AdAp','AdAtS','AdGeo','AdSpR','ASPRv','AurPh','JComp','JPCom','Cmplx','LRCA','ApL','ASPRv','PLoSO','E&SS']
```

## Citation

If you use the software or data artifacts included in this repository in your own work, please cite the publication as follows:
*citation information forthcoming*

## Contact

If you have any questions or comments about this repository, please feel free to leave a comment or open an issue or contact me at the email provided in the publication. 
